Added questions about Logpush V1/V2 and reformatted FAQs. (#3675)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/faq/general-faq.md

These timings are only a guideline, not a guarantee, and may depend on network conditions, the request volume for your domain, and other factors. Although we try to get the logs to you as fast as possible, we prioritize not losing log data over speed. On rare occasions, you may see a longer delay. In this case, you do not need to take any action. The logs will be available as soon as they are processed.

## Are logs available for customers who are not on an Enterprise plan?

Not yet, but we are planning to make them available to other customer plans in the future.

## When pulling or pushing logs, I occasionally come across a time period with no data, even though I am sure my domain received requests at that time. Is this an expected behavior?

Yes. The time period for which you pull or receive logs is based on our processing time, not the time the requests passed through our network. Empty responses do not mean there were no requests during that time period, just that we did not process any logs for your domain during that time.

## Can I receive logs in a format other than JSON?

> Not at this time. Talk to your account manager or Cloudflare Support if you are interested in other formats and we will consider them for the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not at this time. Talk to your Cloudflare account team or [Cloudflare Support](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200172476-Contacting-Cloudflare-Support) if you are interested in other formats and we will consider them for the future.
```
